Faraday!
Fuck.
Open your eyes.
It's about fucking
time.
I knew
you'd make it.
I knew you'd make it.
Obedience.
Obedience is in
your very marrow.
Not that you have any.
You always were the
most obedient drone.
like a Dickensian
child on Christmas Day.
An obedient drone following
every directive to the letter.
Well. here's a
letter. "N"!
Is this a cortextual download?
Oh. for fuck's sake!
This isn't gonna work if you
keep talking like a space man.
They're called "dreams" here.
I held them at bay
for a few years.
but when I wore down
and they broke through.
it became very difficult to know
when I was dreaming
and when I wasn't.
But this is now.
and we're on
Earth. more or less.
And they're looking for me.
Always looking. The men
with guns and X-ray eyes.
I had to bring you to a place
where they couldn't listen.
Or see.
We waited for you
to return with water.
Yeah...
Long enough to
watch the seas boil.
But you never came.
I got distracted.
That's why I sent for you.
my best and brightest pupil.
Our last hope.
Lesson one. don't smoke.
Or if you do. get yourself
a lighter like this one.
They'll know you really mean it.
You abandoned us.
Is that what they say about me?
There was a consensus
never to say your name.
I defended you.
How many are left?
And try not to
sound like a toddler.
We took a roster at every orbit.
There was always one less.
How many are left?
Only a few thousand.
You want your money back?
Forty years.
Humans.
you have to let
the virus in again.
Nobody tells you
but I'm telling you.
If our mission is
to be successful.
you have to let them in.
Just a teensy bit. Just enough.
A scooch.
You have to see with their eyes.
But you mustn't become attached.
You mustn't.
To save Anthea.
you'll have to work fast.
and follow my
instructions precisely.
It's taken all these years to
prepare everything for you.
I brought you here
to finish what I started.
And when we succeed
this time. I will finally get to
leave this lonely. lonely place.
You know. my eyes...
Sometimes I'm grateful.
I pretend I'm already home.
Wake up.
Wake up! You sleepyhead.
I built a company.
They stole it from me.
You're gonna steal it back.
No ethical hiccups. please.
The key to our
salvation is inside.
You're gonna need some of
these sapiens to help you.
Did you find the
woman like I instructed?
Did you find Justin Falls?
Shit!
Fuck.
Jesus Christ.
Fuck. Fuck.
OriGen.
Jesus Christ.
OriGen!
This land is your land
This land is my land
From California
Well. to the New York Island
From the redwood forest
To the Gulf Stream waters
I tell you. this land
Was made for you and me
Oh.
The fuck?
- Hey.
- Uh. fellas.
Excuse me.
Okay. Okay. Come on. Sit down.
Steaks on the house.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
- Vicky.
- Jose.
- Okay. Here you go.
- Mm.
I remember you. From last time.
Your friend said you
were on the spectrum.
You hungry?
You look kind of vegan.
We got baked potato.
I do not
need baked potato.
I need to find OriGen.
The origin of what. exactly?
OriGen.
Can you do. uh. Google?
I'm in the middle
of a shift. so...
I can take a break
in a few minutes.
Meet me out back.
Freak.
OriGen.
Oh. shit.
What
happened to my goose?
Oh. I. um...
I bumped into her.
but we'll fix her
in the morning.
When'd Marcus leave?
About an hour ago.
He couldn't wait anymore
'cause of his hospital shift.
I put Grandpa to bed.
He took his pill.
- Team Grandpa.
- Mm.
Yeah. Team Grandpa. Thank you.
- What did you have for dinner?
- Nuggets.
Nuggets?
Ooh.
Can you be asleep now?
Yeah.
There you go. Mm-hmm.
You
don't smell minty.
You didn't brush.
- I did.
- You did?
I used the toothpaste
that smells like ketchup.
Oh! That toothpaste.
Good night. sweet pea.
OriGen...
OriGen Global.
It's a tech company
in Seattle. Ta-da!
Ta-da!
Take me.
It's in Seattle. Washington.
You have to fly.
- Take me.
- Stop.
I'll call you a taxi.
To the airport. Yeah?
You are emitting
electric impulses
one hundred and
ten times each minute.
Chorionic gonadotropin.
No. that's the beef gravy. hon.
You are pregnant.
Ta-da!
What? No.
No. that's not possible.
I'm not... Stop.
Epinephrine.
- Fear.
- Look.
I don't know what
your problem is. but...
Are you afraid
that there will not be
enough resources left
on this planet to see
your offspring to maturity?
What?
Because there likely will not
be and your child might die
before it realizes its purpose.
This is Spencer
Clay. staff operations.
Uh-huh.
I'm looking at a transfer
file for a pallet of C-93 drives.
ordered by the DO to be
shipped to the Sahel region.
Is that Africa?
That's North Africa.
yes. That's correct.
We don't have any. man.
Okay. well. that's
gonna be a problem
'cause those drives only
work in agency workstations.
C-93. Those ones
were phased out.
C-93. yeah.
Yeah. like. eight months ago.
I'm not aware of that.
Yeah. man. They're.
like. obsolete.
I'm not aware of that.
I think I used one to.
like. clean up after my dog.
I'm not aware of that.
They don't tell
you much. do they?
You still there?
Hello?
Stop pretending
That you'd walk a mile
Just to see me smile
Stop pretending
Dessert first...
Is saying yes to life.
It's also saying "fuck
you" to your arteries.
so I don't know if we
can do this forever.
Oh. I can. Don't be
a quitter. Spence.
You are thin.
Get a cheeseburger.
- Oh. hi. Hey.
- Oh. Hey there.
Uh. Daisy. Hi.
Could I get a. uh.
seltzer with lime.
burger with Swiss. well-done.
and can you please
bring this woman all the
cheesecake she wants
for the rest of eternity?
Thank you.
You have always
- sucked up to waitresses.
- Mm-hmm.
L'chaim.
You know I'm just
suckin' up to you. right?
My last friend in government.
I was your first
friend in government.
thank you very much.
Here you go.
- Oh. sorry.
- Sorry.
I'm sorry. didn't I say lemon?
I'm happy to
switch it out for you.
Or actually could you
just pour me a new one?
- Yeah.
- Thanks. Daisy. Appreciate it.
Why am I here at 11:00 at night?
Because you work
until 11:00 at night.
- Fair.
- You look like shit.
Keeping myself busy.
Drew. You know that.
I know you are.
Stop it.
I know you did everything
you could. okay?
If it weren't for you.
I couldn't get a job
at the fucking DMV.
Oh. eat your cake.
Okay.
So we found him strung
out at a karaoke bar.
- What was he singing?
- Carpenters.
Superstar.
Oh. no.
Okay. Shoot.
You got it completely
wrong. Daisy.
- Swiss. well-done.
- Uh. no.
Medium with Gruyere.
Like I asked. Did
you want something?
- I'm good.
- Okay.
Oh. can I also get
a plate for the lime?
- You said lemon.
- What?
Lime. Daisy.
My God. are you fucking with me?
I said lime. Daisy.
I said lime. Were
you listening? Lime.
Did you know
lime's the green one?
I think maybe you should
repeat that after me.
Lime is the green one.
- Yeah. The green one.
- Thank you.
Hey. Dais... Daisy?
You can actually
bring that back.
I'll... I'll have it. It's fine.
At this rate. we'll
be up till 2:00 a.m.
- Enjoy.
- Sure. Thanks. Daisy.
You did real
work. Meaningful work.
How many. on your
watch. do you think?
1.502.
On my watch. 1.502 rapists.
criminals and
parasites were deported
out of this country
because I care.
That is meaningful work
and I am so proud of you.
Yeah. I screwed up
with that Ukrainian family.
but I'm fine with
that. Drew. Okay?
I'm fine with the legalities
and the ethics of that.
because they're not here.
- Spence.
- Hmm?
I got a funny ping.
You brought me a ping?
Well. it's a little
more than that.
Something weird enough
to get flagged by cryptography.
They couldn't crack it.
Okay.
This is a 40-year-old CIA file
with a lot of black lines.
- It was a tornado.
- Tornado?
Out of Los Alamos.
few hours ago.
- You do tornados now?
- We detected a signal
broadcasting from
inside the funnel.
Bi-directional.
That's crosstalk.
That's a glitch.
Los Alamos. that's
Kirkland air base.
So it's probably a bug
in the AWACS radar.
Ping was flagged in
connection with this file.
Same frequency popped up
45 years ago. Same location.
It was tagged "An
Anomalous Noise Event."
Cryptography thinks it's
a possible terror threat.
So we need to understand
how those signals connect.
Forty-five years ago?
Who filed the original report?
Everybody listed
in this file is dead.
- So?
- Except a guy.
Where is he?
Denali. Alaska.
Dr. Gregory Papel.
An agency psychiatrist
out of Technical Services.
Best I can do is coordinates.
It's not really an
address sorta place.
and I need someone I
can trust to talk to this guy.
without bells and whistles.
See what you can
pull out of him. huh?
Anything for you.
Thanks. kiddo.
You know. you'll be my age
before that silly cunt brings
you your fucking profiterole.
Hey. don't
stick your head out too far.
It may come home in another car.
Television.
Ta-da.
ID?
ID.
Sir. are you all right?
Seattle. Washington.
ID.
Faizan Hamshi?
Is there any radiation
present in the building?
Sir. do you need
some medical attention?
Sir? Sir?
Sir. do you
need medical attention?
Sir?
Are you all right. sir?
Code yellow. Repeat. yellow.
African-American male.
Gray jacket. brown khaki pants.
Copy. I got him.
Heading to the north exit.
Yo. what the fuck!
Put your
hands on your head.
Stop moving now!
Sir. put your hands
on your head. now!
What the fuck?
Jesus Christ!
Good
morning. Mr. Falls.
Mm-hmm.
- Hi. Josiah.
- No.
Dad. be nice.
Hmm. I'm being nice.
And I'm here with
all these nice people.
- Hi. guys.
- There he is.
Oh. Josiah. you and
your plastic straws
are killing the planet.
Juzzie. bring me some
asbestos in a sippy cup
for this righteous
Greenpeace Olympian.
And a slice of dolphin
on a Kaiser roll.
Don't you start
your shit. Josiah.
You mind your mouth
around my granddaughter.
Guys. let's work those
lungs. but lower the volume.
Ms. Justin.
Will you be taking care
of the balance today?
Today? Yeah. uh.
at the end of the day
when I pick him
up after my shift.
You're only in
arrears for three days.
but you have massive
overtime charges.
I'm a fan of your father.
but I'm sorry to
have to tell you.
if you're late
picking him up again.
he's no longer welcome here.
I understand. Bye.
Keep on walking. Don.
At least I'm not
the one in the wheelchair.
Don't make me come out
- of this wheelchair...
- It's okay.
...because if I come
out of this wheelchair.
I'll put a isotope
up your back side.
Josiah! Don's a sick man.
Oh! Don's a sick
man. is he?
I'll tell you what Don
has. Don has death.
Don has a dose of death.
Welcome to the club. Don.
And you're worried about
how a man sips his celery tonic.
I got it.
When he's angry. he
actually works out good.
Thanks. Hector. Uh. bye. Dad.
- Come on. sweetie.
- All right. daughter.
Come on. Come on.
Mom. Don has death.
Yeah. you still
have to go to school.
What happened to your truck?
Nothin'.
Fuck you. then. if
you're not gonna tell me.
I'm sorry. Portia. I'm a
little stressed right now.
You think?
You think maybe
scrubbing poison.
scrambling for the next
gig scrubbing poison.
and maybe being
lucky enough to work
back-to-back. 16-hour
shifts is maybe contributing?
Thanks.
They're gonna take
the house next month.
I can't keep Dad in rehab.
And one of his
prescriptions is $40 a day.
- Every day. Forever.
- Okay.
You wanna be crazy
or you wanna be sane
enough to figure this shit out?
Yeah. I don't feel very sane.
No shit.
No. like...
I mean. I saw something
last night. and...
It freaked me out.
You mean. like. a real thing?
No. I... I can't explain.
It was just like...
- Try.
- I can't.
- I really can't.
- Try.
Look. I just need to find
out if it was real. Okay?
If I pretend it didn't
happen. then I will go crazy.
Like. not funny. okay?
Real wind-on-the-wing-
of-madness crazy.
But I can't be crazy because
I have no fuckin' time.
Be where you are.
Hello?
Uh. no. no. I... I...
Uh...
Okay.
Okay. I'm on my way. Thanks.
Was it your dad?
No. it's not. Uh.
I just gotta go.
Oh. okay. Um. did you
hear anything I said?
Yep. I am being where I am.
- Gotta go.
- Okay.
He's trying to get to Seattle.
Seattle?
Yeah. a lot.
Did you know he named
you his emergency contact?
No.
X-rays are preventing
me from using the airport.
and I have to get to Seattle.
He stole it.
You're an asshole.
The cops are
gonna get it back to the guy.
They think your
friend's on some shit
they don't know about yet.
He drinks water like a camel.
I have four stomachs.
Are they charging him?
Look. he's the
cherry on a weird day.
- A kid puked in the luggage...
- I have to get to Seattle.
It's the
top of a long weekend
and nobody wants the paperwork.
- I have to get to Seattle.
- If you sign for him...
If you don't. he goes
to the psych unit.
he's there a couple of
days till he gets a full exam.
I have to get to...
Stop talking.
...Seattle.
Your epinephrine levels
are vacillating so much
it is irritating
my sinus cavities
and making my scalp
itch. You need stabilizing.
You know what? You're right.
You're right.
You're totally right.
Did you come here
just to leave me?
Was there a tornado?
Was that real?
'Cause. you know. the only thing
that makes sense to me
is that I was hallucinating...
It was real.
Your message was inside it?
It was.
From who?
My adept.
Thomas Newton?
How is that possible?
You cannot understand it yet.
If we continue. you will.
No. no. no. No.
You can be as crazy as you like.
But I can't be. all right?
How did you survive that?
Who are you?
I am an immigrant.
No. my father's an immigrant.
You're... You're a...
From Anthea.
I...
I saw your face.
Your real face. I saw it.
I am talking to someone
from another planet.
So am I.
Jesus Christ.
I received my instructions.
I understand my next step.
My planet is dying.
My species is dying.
My mission is to save them.
In Seattle?
There is a company
called OriGen.
They have the
design for a machine.
One that will save Anthea.
Do you know how
impossible it is for me
to believe you right now?
- Uh. I...
- That is the wrong equation.
The equation is.
do you believe what you saw?
I don't know what
you want from me.
You are a specialist
in Nuclear Fusion
Plasma Modeling.
You want me to
help you build it?
We will build it together.
Anthean science
has Earth corollaries.
You will translate for me.
My mission is your mission.
No. No. Okay.
No. all right? This is all crazy
and that's not
what I do anymore.
All right? No. I can't. Just no.
This is all I have left.
Look.
I'm gonna pick up my
dad and my daughter.
and then. I don't know. I'll...
I'll take you to a bus station.
But that's the best
I can do for you.
I'm sorry.
Forty. 80. 120.
In the police station. my
intake was also processed
- by a woman.
- Oh.
Women are first
contact for most humans
because they possess
an olfactory introduction.
I smell no threat
in your presence.
Okay.
Okay. Just...
Sit there.
And please try not
to smell any women.
Curled up like an autumn leaf.
You're a poet.
But I thought you're
from the Bahamas.
Hi. guys.
I am. I learned about
autumn in Chicago.
when Juzzie was just a baby.
- She was early. you know.
- Oh.
She had important things to do.
Thanks. Hector. I'll
see you tomorrow.
You didn't tell me I
was an early baby.
Hmm. You never asked.
Shit.
Yes. and the house is on fire.
Nothing is on fire presently.
No. no. honey.
You're supposed
to say "Yes. and..."
It's improv. It's
acting. You can do it.
- Improv.
- Mm-hmm.
Improvisation.
- That's right.
- Mm-hmm.
This is improvisation.
You create one from zero.
Sure.
Why you going so fast?
Who you looking for?
Uh. a colleague.
- A colleague?
- Mm-hmm.
Yes. and...
Good.
Yes. and I'm going to
rescue my beloved cat. Fred.
We have all agreed
to believe in Fred. the cat.
That's right.
I'm going to rescue
my beloved cat. Fred.
Yes.
And I do not understand
why you are still alive.
Are you the last speakers
of an ancient language?
Is there a decades-long task
you must complete before
you are permitted to die?
Oh. Jesus.
I am so sorry. everyone.
- I'm so sorry.
- That's all right.
You store your aged
and forget about them.
Why expend planetary
resources when a peaceful.
well-planned death
would be efficient?
I like
that boy's thinking.
Whose mandate is this?
You are a pupa.
You're a larva. Larva.
Molly Molls. Stop staring.
She is taking me to Seattle.
I'm taking you
to the bus station.
Who's hungry?
I had mac and cheese for lunch.
I had an amino acid
pack before impact.
1-888-Car-Talk.
Ah.
- That's 1-888-227-8255.
- Change the frequency.
No. This is my show.
Change the frequency.
- please.
- Are you the radio sheriff?
Okay. do I have
to stop this truck?
You have already
stopped the truck.
You're in trouble. Grandpa.
I prefer music.
It was the third of September
No talking.
- Oh. yes!
- That is talking.
Just listen.
Yes. I will
'Cause that was the day
That my daddy died
I never had a chance to see him
Never heard nothin'
but bad things about him
Mama. I'm depending on you
To tell me the truth
Mama just hung her head
You do the drums.
yeah?
Papa was a rolling stone
That's right.
Wherever he laid
his hat was his home
And when he died
All he left us was alone
Come on. son. Sing
with me. sing with me.
Papa was a rolling stone
Wherever he laid
his hat was his home
And when he died
All he left us was alone
Dr. Gregory Papel?
I see your chimney
is on.
If you could just. uh.
spare a moment for me.
You wear contacts?
Keep your eyes open.
Open your fuckin' eyes. wide!
That looks like a contact to me.
I'm not
wearing contacts.
I'm not wearing contacts.
Ow! What the f... What the fuck?
You crazy bastard!
Had to make sure.
Make sure of what?
Who do you think I am?
Everyone else is dead.
Okay. look. um.
- I just came here...
- You were sent here!
No shit! Who would volunteer
to come to this shithole?
Got to keep on top of
it. got to keep on top of it!
Lord. wash away my
iniquity. wash away my iniquity
and cleanse me of my sin.
Can you guys bring the food?
Grandpa made it
over years and years.
He made all the broken
things come alive again.
before his hands curled
up. He's a builder bee.
Now. you're the
builder bee.
People came
from all over. It was so cool.
Here you go.
We built a lot of this
together. you know.
Where do you think my
girls get it from. hmm?
The Nerd Farm brought
Grandpa from the Bahamas.
'cause he's a super genius.
God bless the Nerds!
Mom worked there. too.
The Los Alamos
National Laboratory.
Your field was particle physics.
Her doctoral dissertation
evolved your work.
She is quantifiably
more intelligent.
How much more? Is
there a percentage?
Twenty-six.
Did you tell him to say that?
Yeah. I did.
She's brilliant.
No matter how she
feels. she's brilliant!
A flawed path does not
make that any less true.
Everyone makes mistakes.
What
flaws? What mistakes?
You have a bus to catch.
It'll be faster if
you drive me to Seattle.
Yeah. but
I'm not going to.
We're gonna eat. quick.
We haven't had company
for four or five years.
There is a bird in the dogsled.
Dad. you are not
allowed to like him.
It's too late.
Maybe there's a
dog in the bird-sled.
Are you a radical theorist?
Are you gonna eat your fries?
You are a formidable pupa.
Hmm.
Wash away my iniquity
and cleanse me of my sin.
Hey. I can. um...
I can tell you
everything I know.
Uh...
It's... It's not much. but...
But maybe it'll help us relax.
Okay. sir?
I came here 'cause
there was. uh...
Uh. a signal in a tornado
about 48 hours ago. Okay?
And your name. it
was attached to a file.
The signal was bi-directional.
Which... It's... It...
It's like there's two...
There's two people talking.
Does that mean anything to you?
Two people?
Two people.
I'm just trying to figure out
why that signal pinged your file
from 45 years ago.
man.
That's when we first heard it!
He was trying to send a message.
I guess someone
finally answered.
Who? What message?
You are so fucked!
They just sent you.
they sent you like
one of those Airedale
dogs in World War I.
running between the trenches.
Good boy. good boy.
Or a German
Shepherd out in space.
or a monkey on a rocket!
A monkey can be a cosmonaut
'cause they didn't tell
him he's gonna die.
You're gonna die.
Or you're gonna want to.
after what they make
you do.
I thought insurance
would keep me alive.
That fucking film!
That's what you came for.
I have no fucking clue what
you're talking about. man.
What film?
He was sweet.
He was so sweet. Newton.
His face. an angel.
He was like an angel.
It's still fucking looking at me
when I close my eyes.
Nothing gets rid of
it. Not even prayer.
But. just... Who... Who
are you talking about?
Who's Newton?
We took his eyes out.
We made him a psychopath.
We did that.
- I did that!
- Hey.
No. No. no way. Dr. Papel.
You... You did your job.
okay? You did your job.
And that's okay.
But tell me. who are
you talking about?
And what insurance?
What film?
I sure learned what's
inside me. I sure did.
This ends now. One
monkey to another.
I won't let you do it again.
- No one will survive it!
- Okay. fuckin' wait!
Wait. wait. wait!
Dr. Papel. wait. please.
Please.
I just go. I go where
they send me. okay?
Hell is where we're going.
I took his eyes! He's insane!
He's insane! Do you
know what that means?
Yeah.
No. No. You don't.
And now there's another one.
Oh. God. I am so fucking tired.
You got no idea
what's coming to you.
Dear God in Heaven.
You have your mysteries.
You've made us to be flawed.
In our flaws. we
see our possibilities.
In our flaws. we see your mercy.
We see your wisdom.
We see who you want us to be
and who we can be.
We thank you for
the opportunities
for us to discover ourselves
through our mistakes. We're
humble in your presence.
Grateful. Almighty.
Amen.
- Amen.
Who are you talking to?
Most times. it's the Lord.
but I heard him say
it about Tina Turner.
What are the mysteries?
Things people don't know.
You are a scientist.
How can you allow that to be?
Allowing it to be
makes me a scientist.
You're not supposed
to know everything.
That is right. That's the truth.
Are you afraid to take
me where I have to go?
- What?
- I smell it.
The amygdala response
in your brain was triggered
when Josiah said
things go astray.
Maybe you're smelling the
cow we're eating right now.
Nowhere to run Nowhere to hide
My mom
doesn't get afraid.
Or if she does.
she does it anyway.
- Yeah.
- Well. things do go astray.
One little cell went
astray in my body
and caused all...
Caused all this...
I am aware.
I like your cells.
Mm-hmm.
It's frightening
when in one moment.
everything changes.
And you get jammed
up and caught up
and you have to explain
your whole damn life!
- Dad?
- She was a world changer.
You know how many
come along in a generation?
- One.
- Hey. Dad? Dad?
The pupa is afraid as well.
Don't talk about
my child. please.
No faith! A white
girl would never...
White girl would've cried.
She would've been given
a hanky and a cookie.
They made her defend
herself. We had to defend her!
- Defend her from what?
- Dad. you're freaking her out.
Molly. come sit with
me. baby. Come on.
You're a world changer!
- Stop it! Stop!
- My stomach hurts.
- Molly? Molly.
- Oh.
It's time for you to go.
She is not utilizing
her purpose.
- You think I don't know that?
- Hey. we're leaving.
You have to take me to...
I don't. I have to work.
The equation is
ill-conceived. I have purpose.
you and Molly have potential.
Josiah has neither.
You mind your mouth. boy.
He does not need you.
You can place him
with the others until...
Don't say that out loud.
- Mom. my stomach hurts.
- I'll be right there. Molly.
Josiah. it is clear
that you have exceeded
any usefulness
you ever possessed.
A final useful act would
be for you to die now
and free Justin to
realize her potential.
I take care of him. okay?
End of fucking story.
- Juzzie!
- Get up. Get up.
Go wait outside.
Juzzie.
He's telling us God's
truth. you know.
Mom?
Get in and wait.
Mommy. my stomach really hurts.
Oh. I know. baby.
Portia's gonna take care
of you till I get back. okay?
- For how long?
- Real quick. baby.
Portia!
Twenty minutes?
Sure. No problem.
I'll be right back. okay. baby?
Hey. you hungry?
...have
their work cut out for them.
And look at that.
The ball rockets
off the bat of...
Oh. my...
Juzzie.
Oh. my God. Dad. Dad.
Ow.
Can we go to Seattle
now?